[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: Couple questions?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah?
>> Speaker 1: From Richie,
do our inline styles auto vid?
>> Jon Kuperman: Are they audited for
unused CSS rule or
I guess I don't understand that question,
sorry.
Because if it's an inline style
in style tags, it will be audited for
unused CSS rules.
If it's inline on the actual element,
it's definitely used, so
I don't know if that answers the question.
>> Speaker 1: I'll check on that.
>> Jon Kuperman: Cool.
>> Speaker 1: And then in your opinion, at
what point I'm adding the in your opinion.
>> Jon Kuperman: Okay.
>> Speaker 1: [LAUGH] At what point
in app development should you start
being concerned with page mode time?
It's obviously it's good habits.
>> Jon Kuperman: Sure.
>> Speaker 1: But
when do you start thinking about that?
>> Jon Kuperman: I mean personally I think
about it kind of the whole time that I'm
building something.
It would depend so
much on a lot of different things,
one of the big things is
what is your convert.
Are you selling something?
Are you making money off this web app or
website or whatever?
And there's like there's so
much that goes into it, right?
Because it's a really
a people thing if your
already logged into your bank and
it's your bank.
It's super annoying to switch banks.
So if I make a transfer pages slow,
no one is gonna deal with that, right,
because you don't have any choices.
If your selling shoes and
there's like 30 other shoe
vendors right there competing with you.
Time to page load and things like
that can really, really matter.
So I think you really have to like, for
me it would just be something that you
would talk about from the beginning.
But it really matters on your market,
how competitive it is our
people already logged in.
How easy is to switch,
a bunch of different stuff like that.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Just to clarify,
we try to do
just performance budgets upfront
just to help establish some of that.
That way we know if something is slow, why
it's slow and how we can maybe offset in
different areas and so it just helps to-
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, I mean,
it is what it is if you're just
trying MVP something that really,
really fast and I do understand.
It's also a nice place if you're building,
if you're bootstrapping some new project.
It's nice to use open source libraries
cuz they worry about performance a lot,
right, there's a team at
Facebook making react fast.
So if you're just trying to put something
up, use some cool open source tools
because they'll help you a lot
with that kind of stuff.
>> Speaker 1: So
basically the answer is it depends.
>> Jon Kuperman: It depends.
Yeah, yeah, you can quote me on that.
>> Speaker 1: Okay.
>> Speaker 4: I can tell our story with
front end masters.com was really totally
the MVP approach.
We didn't really know exactly,
if our money was gonna come from
ticket sales and then we did the video
subscription site and-
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: Before it was pay for
download and now it's subscription in and
then, it's always like we just hack
together a bunch of WordPress plugins.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: To get the MVPO.
>> Speaker 4: And so even our current say,
suffers today because of bad
sort of past baggage, right.
And we did optimize a bunch of
stuff like compress images,
is like the biggest thing, all right.
>> Jon Kuperman: Absolutely.
>> Speaker 4: That's like one of
the biggest thing, it was just compress.
You take your P and Gs,
run it through P and G mini or whatever.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: That really
shrinks the page size down.
>> Jon Kuperman: Actually,
I think it's my next slide.
Common Audit Problems.
>> Speaker 4: Load things asynchronously,
but
our new site will be all
in the new Google AMP.
>> Jon Kuperman: Heck, yeah.
AMP is great.
I kind of wanted to talk about it but it's
not really relevant, but it kind of is.
>> Speaker 4: Its relevant,
we should at least throw [INAUDIBLE].
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
it's relevant to performance.
So it's the accelerated mobile pages and
open source project from Google.
It's on GitHub.
Basically it's for
mobile content producers,
if you're in New York Times,
Huffington Post.
I mean even famous blogs and things
like that and it's just basically like,
it's not a framework so
much as it's a set of enforced guidelines.
So it's like you can't have an external
stylesheet, you have to have it in style
types and you don't get an extra HTTP
request in the head is one of the rules.
And then you can have JavaScript but
they all have to be all your
script sources have to be async.
So you can't have any JavaScript that's
required for the initial rendering path.
And some some rules like that.
But what they allow you to do is if you do
a Google search on your phone right now,
you'll see some of the items at the top
have this a lightning bolt on them.
Those are AMP passing pages and
if you click one of those, they load so
fast, I mean they really
do lightning fast.
It's definitely worth checking out.
Even if you don't use AMP, you should
read what their criteria are and
see how many of those things
you can apply to your site.
They're just interesting-
>> Speaker 4: Its a collection of best
practices all kind of bundled up.
>> Jon Kuperman: Right, absolutely,
and some of them you can do and
some of them you can't with AMP.
You have to specify all your
images height and width,
which is tough for depending on
your design and stuff like that.
But it's worth reading and
seeing could I do some of these?
Because they have some really,
really genius performance solutions.
And then yeah,
I wanted to talk about some really common
things that just, I guess this list here.
To answer that question from a while ago,
I think this list here,
you should do from the very beginning.
Any other performance audits,
do whenever you can.
Your production build for
now should serve most likely one CSS and
one JavaScript file.
Let me take a small deviation because
this is how complex performances, right?
So on one hand you have this knowledge
that multiple HTTP request is a bad thing
and because if there's more than five.
Some have to wait on other ones to finish,
right?
On the other hand, let's say you
have a single page application where
your landing screen is just
like some texts says hello.
But later it's loading in tons
of complex functionality,
like mint.com or something like that.
Does all this stuff, do you really need
to send all that cool functionality
JavaScript down just to display hello
on the critical, on the first render?
So maybe you want to experiment
with having two JavaScript files.
One that's like the stuff
that's absolutely necessary for
the original page load.
And one that has all your big app
stuff that can come afterward,
it gets really tricky.
And there's no one right approach for
any of this stuff.
Aother thing is sometimes images
take a long time to load and
image request is sent as soon as the HTML
is parsed with an image tag, all right?
So one thing that you could do,
just like whatever spit balling here.
Is if you have a site with a bunch
of face avatars like Facebook or
something like that.
Maybe you could experiment with passing
the image down as a data attribute, so
it doesn't load, your avatars
don't load in the initial render.
And then using JavaScript to
make image attributes, so
they load asynchronously or so.
I mean there's so
many things you can start playing with,
once you start figuring
out performance stuff.
And there really isn't a right approach or
say you have a video blog, YouTube or
something like that and
you know the view port size.
Do you really need to pre-render
the videos that are scroll down there?
Cuz you can get a really fast load if you
only render the first two videos, right?
As opposed to 30 in your, you know?
So you can start thinking about
all this different stuff and
these ones up here are really easy.
There's a one size fits all solution,
rest of the stuff it gets like yeah.
>> Speaker 4: And some of this is gonna
change as best practices at [INAUDIBLE].
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, so for
now that I keep saying yeah, and
this is such a boogeyman
hard to talk about thing.
There are some services on a cheapy too.
For those that aren't familiar,
it's Google came out with this
new HTTP server called Speedy.
And it's kind of evolved
into the next level of HTTP.
And what's gonna flip on
that is it's gonna be
able to handle a ton of small requests.
It's gonna be kind of
the opposite of what we have now.
So right now it's all about bundling one
JavaScript, one CSS, one image Sprite,
right, that's the profile.
But with HTTP2,
I think it's really the exact opposite or
it's your little components that
are gonna send down the wire really fast.
So it's all gonna change.
But for now, unless you specifically
set up otherwise, do you have an HTTP1
server for all your stuff, all your hosts,
everything like that, in one bundles.
That's what you want, but
yes, it is all gonna change.
Gzip compression, talked about,
there's a plugin for it or
you can just, actually I think
I have in just a hop over.
I think I actually have commented out.
Yeah, so this is the node
compression library for Express.
And so if you uncomment these two lines,
that compression warning goes
away just to kind of show.
It's pretty easy to set
this kind of stuff up.
Compressor images.
I use this tool image often and for those
I know you're mentioning gulp task or
whatever you're using,
there's probably an image optimum plug in.
There is what's called lossless image
compression and the idea is you're
making the image smaller without actually
reducing the quality of the image.
And that's done because I'm
not even sure why this is,
but images have all this meta information
that they carry around with them.
What program was used to edit them and
sizing information a title,
all this stuff.
And so imageoptim can squeeze
out all of that stuff.
And then there's more advanced ones
that are loss full compression,
don't call me on that, I don't know
what the opposite of lossless is.
But I know those ones can
actually reduce quality, so
you can kind of make these trades.
Again, there's no one
size fits all solution,
just maybe checking out how big your stuff
is and if there's any gains you can make.
Browser caching, again just specify how
long a browser can cache items for.
Your CSS should go in the document head
because I don't know if you've ever seen
the flash of unstyled content before.
Where you hit a page and it's all black
text on white and then it flashes and
then it colors in.
So that everything in
the head blocks render.
So if you have a CSS
file in your head tag,
your content will not render until that
file is downloaded and parsed basically,
which is slow but it's what you want.
You want your style to just look,
your site needs to look like your
site the moment it's able to be seen.
With other stuff like some jQuery or
something like that,
you wanna put it at the end of the body.
Cuz if you don't want to block the render
but you do want to load immediately.
And then the unused CSS rules.
Sorry, I can't have more check out this
one easy fix to make your site way faster.
Again, you wanna be careful with this
because you wanna make sure that
you're not actually using those in some
asynchronously loaded portion of your app.
But these are big, they're pretty
easy to add to your site and
they make a huge difference.